type: ignore - use error codes (#5096)
pydata/xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

Internal Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Enable displaying mypy error codes and add ignore only specific error codes using
>   ``# type: ignore[error-code]`` (:pull:`5095`). By `Mathias Hauser <https://github.com/mathause>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
- Enable displaying mypy error codes and ignore only specific error codes using
  ``# type: ignore[error-code]`` (:pull:`5096`). By `Mathias Hauser <https://github.com/mathause>`_.
```
